Add `luislve17/calma` theme (#1707)
unixorn/awesome-zsh-plugins: README.md

- [bureau](https://github.com/isqua/bureau) - A clear and informative two-lined prompt. Includes `git` status optimized for large repositories.
- [buster](https://github.com/grantbuster/buster_zsh_theme) - Plays well with WSL2. Based loosely on Fox and Jonathan themes from oh-my-zsh.
- [cactus](https://github.com/welksonramos/cactus) - Minimalist theme with `git` status decorations.

> - [calma](https://github.com/luislve17/calma) - Minimalist thene ath works well on dark backgrounds. Includes decorators for truncated current directory, `git` information, time, and for the exit status of last command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [calma](https://github.com/luislve17/calma) - Minimalist theme that works well on dark backgrounds. Includes decorators for truncated current directory, `git` information, time, and for the exit status of last command.
```

Author: Thanks for the catch.

Author: Fixed, thanks
